faq: clarify macOS support (#9)
multipath-tcp/mptcp.dev: faq.md

MPTCP extends beyond to various platforms including macOS. But... </summary>

The use of MPTCP on macOS differs from Linux:
- Its usage is limited to the client side, to establish new MPTCP connections
  only.
- It is most straightforward when applications use the system's
  [frameworks](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/foundation/nsurlsessionconfiguration/improving_network_reliability_using_multipath_tcp),
  which can be done in
  [C language](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/network) as well, see
  this [example with OpenSSH](https://github.com/apple-oss-distributions/OpenSSH/blob/9b6202341ee10b42e7391229ad5c0f2eb8aea8af/openssh/sshconnect.c#L487-L489).

> - There is some documentation for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There is some documentation for the
```

  [connectx](https://opensource.apple.com/source/xnu/xnu-7195.81.3/bsd/man/man2/connectx.2.auto.html)

>   system call that mention multipath support if the socket has been created with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  system call that mentions multipath support if the socket has been created with
```

  the `AF_MULTIPATH` (`39`) domain. However, it is not clear what is required to
  use these interfaces. It appears that MPTCP connections can be created, but

>   additional subflows cannot be created. There does not appear to be public

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  additional subflows cannot be created. There is not public
```

> The use of MPTCP on macOS differs from Linux:

Author: Thank you for the review!
Good point, that's important indeed, adding that!

- It is most straightforward when applications use the system's
  [frameworks](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/foundation/nsurlsessionconfiguration/improving_network_reliability_using_multipath_tcp),
  which can be done in

>   [C language](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/network) as well.

Author: Good idea!

- There is some documentation for
  [connectx](https://opensource.apple.com/source/xnu/xnu-7195.81.3/bsd/man/man2/connectx.2.auto.html)
  system call that mention multipath support if the socket has been created with
  the `AF_MULTIPATH` (`39`) domain. However, it is not clear what is required to
  use these interfaces. There does not appear to be public example code from

>   Apple, so this method doesn't seem to be recommended.

Reviewer 2: I've tested this an it works: it correctly establishes an MPTCP connection with a Linux-based server. However, it is unclear what are its limitation, I haven't tested subflow establishment, handover supports, etc. As you mention, it is probably preferable to use the network API from above.

Author: Olivier tried with cURL (see https://github.com/matttbe/curl/pull/1) and files from https://check.mptcp.dev/files/: the connection is done with MPTCP, but no additional sublows are created apparently, even with 'sudo'.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the info
